ah
acp
hidden reporter
this game why
hello friends welcome to the program
james bond
this time we are going to do some
planters pots recyclers ok that
we are going to occupy we are going to occupy the role of
bath or wipes that we use in the
newspaper kitchen or magazine paper
a rule
A pen
a liquid glue
scooter
a brush to stick the glue and the
paper
a brush to paint
acrylic paint of any color
and the main thing
a button
of these juice
you can also use plastic
but I'm going to use this time
of cardboard we take the carton and
with the help of the rule we measure 3
inch we make a marquita
and we make a line
the same thing we do around the whole
container
and now what follows is with the help of
cutter
let's cut between those lines
all around
in this case I went ahead and only
in lack of a side
cut
very carefully
but we passed
with a lot of line and so
and we will stay
A) Yes
ok the next thing we'll do
paper the brush and the glue
and what we will do with the paper
it will be short
bits
and so it will be done
what is this glue will remove the
half
and the other half I put water on so that
be faster
and more simple
and the next thing will be
and put the glue
around
of the carton packaging
this is only
so that your container
Look better
if you like it like this
you can leave it like that
also what you can use
It's gift wrap
and I would avoid everything that is this
small pieces of paper
and we do it like that
and we give him sticking old
and we're going to stick this
everything that is around
more or less you are going to place
three hats
toilet paper kitchen napkins
the newspaper or magazine
more or less like that you will go hitting
and you will be left
something like that
for it 15 soles and so that there is a
little bit more resistant to cardboard
it is not necessary because the cardboard
it is precisely
resistant to liquids
ok the other way that I was
saying good you have something like that
and the other way he was saying
is that you can cover it
of newspaper paper magazine paper some
cutout or wrapping paper
lope gas and paper liners contact
this later if it gets wet
around you do not mistreat the image that
you already put
and the following
will be painting
on this occasion
and I will use the color pink
and you can paint them the color that
you like your preference
or make the recommendation that I gave them
cover the
and before I forget so that
you can paint well and the forums like that
this way as I erase it
try to let it dry
a whole day
in the morning to the afternoon leaving all the
night so that it is very dry and
resistant
and so you paint everything
if you are going to paint it
and you will be left
and here is
the flowerpot
recycle
of a juice carton
this was all in today's program we
we see next week here in the
today's program
about